[DOCS] Add mention of singlehtml builder (#1555)
executablebooks/jupyter-book: docs/customize/toc.md

The primary difference is that the `jb-book` format uses `parts:` and `chapters:` syntax, while the `jb-article` format uses `sections:` syntax alone.

> To build an article (or a book) that is comprised of multiple files
> so that it is rendered as a single HTML document containing all the content,
> you can use of the
> [singlehtml builder](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/builders/index.html#sphinx.builders.singlehtml.SingleFileHTMLBuilder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build a single HTML page from these files (rather than one page per file), use the [singlehtml builder](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/builders/index.html#sphinx.builders.singlehtml.SingleFileHTMLBuilder).
```
